>[Pixabay License 可以做商业用途 不要求署名](https://pixabay.com/zh/service/license/)

## Simplified Pixabay License

Our license empowers creators and protects our community. We want to keep it as simple as possible. Here is an overview of what Pixabay content can and can't be used for.

## What is allowed?

✓	All content (e.g. images, videos, music) on Pixabay can be used for free for commercial and noncommercial use across print and digital, except in the cases mentioned in "What is not allowed".

✓	Attribution is not required. Giving credit to the artist or Pixabay is not necessary but is always appreciated by our community.

✓	You can make modifications to content from Pixabay.

## What is not allowed?

This section only applies to media users and not to the appropriate artists.

✕	Don't redistribute or sell Pixabay content on other stock or wallpaper platforms.

✕	Don't sell unaltered copies of content, e.g. don't sell an exact copy of a stock photo as a poster, print or on a physical product.

✕	Don't portray identifiable people in a bad light or in a way that is offensive.

✕	Don't use content with identifiable persons or brands to create a misleading association with a product or service.

[nature.jpg](https://pixabay.com/zh/illustrations/nature-color-butterfly-colorful-4753830/)

[landscape.jpg](https://pixabay.com/zh/illustrations/landscape-nature-contemplate-4444133/)



>[！个人使用许可证 不允许商业](#Personal)

## Personal Use License

Personal Use is any use that meets none of the criteria for Commercial Use. Personal, or Non-commercial, use is a use for solely personal purposes.

- The use must not involve an exchange of money
- The use must not promote a business entity (this includes non-profit organizations)
- The use must not directly or indirectly result in financial gain

## What is not allowed by the Personal License?

- Commercial Use
- Create digital or Print Publication for Commercial Use, such as, but not limited to: cards, invitations, photo albums, scrapbooks, ebooks / e-publications.
- Create physical end products for Commercial Use, for resale or wholesale, such as, but not limited to: clothing, cards, invitations, stickers, etc.
- Create product packaging for Commercial Use, such as, but not limited to: labels, stickers, containers, etc, for any number of separate end products.
- Create digital products for Commercial Use, such as, but not limited to: static designs, static website elements, etc.
- Use in physical (printed, paid or unpaid) advertising, such as billboards, signage, printed advertisement, etc.
- Use in-demand applications, like Print-on-Demand and Create-on-Demand Services, even for non-commercial use
- Use in software development, such as website software development, mobile app development, desktop application development, or video game development
- Create digital products for Commercial Use
- Part of a trademark, service mark, design mark, trade name, business name, logo, or similar use.
- Claim the Licensed Asset itself as its own copyrighted work.
- Trademark an End Product.
- Copyright a Licensed Asset.

[mandala.png](https://www.cleanpng.com/png-black-mountain-yoga-mandala-hinduism-om-mandala-699725/)